[FIRRTL] add all-in-one metadata pass (#1875)
llvm/circt: docs/FIRRTLAnnotations.md

  "inclusive": true
}
```

> ### [RetimeModuleAnnotation](https://github.com/chipsalliance/rocket-chip/blob/master/src/main/scala/util/Annotations.scala#L67)

Author: Looks like i half-completed this.  This section is supposed to be for `RetimeModuleAnnotation` and `RetimeModulesAnnotation`.  I got rid the link to rocketchip version of this.

| ---------- | ------ | -------------                                       |
| class      | string | `sifive.enterprise.firrtl.SitestBlackBoxAnnotation` |
| filename   | string | The file to write to                                |

This annotation triggers the creation of a file containing a JSON array of the
names of all external modules in the device under test which are not imported
or inlined blackbox modules. This will only collect modules which are
instantiated under a module annotated with `MarkDUTAnnotation`.

Example:
```json
{
  "class":"sifive.enterprise.firrtl.SitestBlackBoxAnnotation",
  "filename":"./blackboxes.json"
}
```

### SitestTestHarnessBlackBoxAnnotation

| Property   | Type   | Description                                                     |
| ---------- | ------ | -------------                                                   |
| class      | string | `sifive.enterprise.firrtl.SittestTestHarnessBlackBoxAnnotation` |
| filename   | string | The file to write to                                            |

This annotation triggers the creation of a file containing a JSON array of the

> names of all external module sin the test harness which are not imported or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
names of all external modules in the test harness which are not imported or
```

😈

Author: Thanks!  My comments always slowly fill with spelling mistakes as I reword things over and over again. Apparently i'm blind to them so I really appreciate you going over this.  My weekend project should be to enable spell checking in comments :)
